hey how's it going my name is Silvio
Perez and in today's video I'm gonna be
sharing a quote that I came across by
Albert Einstein and why I believe this
is literally the 100% difference between
your success with your pay-per-click
marketing campaigns and its failure so I
haven't pulled up here on my phone I'm
gonna go ahead and read this quote for
you and it's an absolute game changer so
be ready for this this is the quote by
Albert Einstein if I had an hour to
solve a problem I'd spend 55 minutes
thinking about the problem and five
minutes thinking about solutions that's
pretty deep we gotta ponder on that so
essentially is what he's saying is he's
gonna spend 55 minutes understanding
what's going on and diagnosing that
problem and then just five minutes to
solve it so how does this relate to
pay-per-click marketing and successful
campaigns I'll tell you the problem that
we're trying to solve with our
advertising campaigns is the problem of
our customers our offer all it is is a
solution to a problem so we don't
understand the problem how can we
position the offer how can we relate
that in an amazing example of what I'm
talking about is if you don't understand
your customer everything in marketing is
dreadful if you don't really understand
who you're marketing to copywriting is
hard if you don't understand are you're
talking to the landing page design sucks
everything is just so much more
difficult when you don't understand who
you're trying to speak to an amazing
example of understanding the problems
and grabbing the attention of your
customers our sales funnels sales
funnels buyer personas all these
different ways of saying these different
terms and marketing are all just other
ways of saying how well do you
understand your customer if you don't
understand your customer how are you
going to move them through an entire
journey right where you take them from
prospect to potential customer how like
it's just not going to happen if you
don't understand them right if you don't
understand the problems they have so you
can position your solution this is
literally the difference between success
and failure among other variables but I
believe this is as far as
8020 this is the 20% that will yield you
80% of your results is understanding
your customer learn from my experience
guys this is a something that I have
unfortunately looked over for a while
and eventually I got the message because
I just kept feeling the pain of on an
unsuccessful campaign where people
wouldn't convert and they wouldn't take
that next step and among other things
and it was just a pain in the butt and
then I finally realized from this quote
that this is the difference it's
understanding your customer to the T add
to the best of your ability not to the
point where you overthink it but
definitely to the point where you
understand it well enough and you can
actually act on that and get some real
data so that is the message for this
video again number one piece of advice
when it comes to pay-per-click marketing
and just marketing in general whether
you're marketing service for your own
business or you're marketing a service
on behalf of a client really take the
time to sit down and understand who it
is you're trying to communicate with so
you can really solve that problem for
them and create messages that really
resonate for them and I want to just
share a really practical tip and advice
for you if in the case that this is
something that you feel you can do
better on and we all can and it's a
continuous process just because you
understand who you're talking to today
doesn't mean that the problems are not
going to change next week so you want to
continually be developing this and a
great practical tip is I have a Google
Doc this is the way I do it and in that
Google Doc for the client that I'm
working with I have their offer their
services and then I have them go through
a customer discovery sheet with me where
we identify their customers pains what
what it is that they want what it is
that they fear their hopes or dreams or
aspirations some demographics how old
are they are they a male or a female are
they married and just kind of going into
detail because I remember from very
painful experiences that and spending
money that I shouldn't have spent from
campaigns where I kind of knew the
surface level needs but I didn't really
dig deep and it makes all the difference
in your copy and your design everything
so that is it for this video I don't
want to keep it going for too much
longer so I hope you got some value from
this again
this quote is amazing check it out Agra
and sine awesome and if you're not
subscribed to my channel please do go
ahead and click the subscribe button
down below so you can get notified on
when I release a new video and make sure
to turn on the notification bell as well
because that'll actually alert alerts
you when I get a video out so that is it
for this video thank you so much for
watching and take care